hello this is the tour guide dude man
and I'm going to show you how to fix the
problem we're connecting an ethernet
cable to Vista computer does not connect
you to the internet if you plug your
Ethernet cable into the back of your
computer and mr. recognizes it as an
unidentified network with a local access
only and you cannot get to the internet
this video will help you and solving the
problem ok what you want to do is come
to network and sharing Center which you
can get to by right clicking here over
the network symbol good network and
sharing Center and now you come here ok
imagine this is the network that you
want to connect to you want to click
view status you clip you click this on
the on the network that is unidentified
and then you'll come to properties
okay on properties look for something
called internet protocol version 6 and
ran for click each of them and make sure
it'll be on this but move it to obtain
IP address automatically and do the same
for ipv6 ok and now if it's still not
working this is what you do click on
version six and install and then
protocol
I already have one installed so I'm not
going to do it but it's how you do it
and you do the same thing on ipv4 if
ipv6 doesn't fix it and this will fix
your problem not everybody's problem
because if fist is just stupid like that
but this will fix a lot of people's
problem because it fixed one